I get those goose bumps every time I
need that I'm throw that to this aisle I
get those who comes every you what like
two dollars and fifty cents on this
there's an exit strategy
yeah i'ma fix that shut up I'm just
gonna put in there again this is a free
HIV drop-down trro how we gonna do it uh
oh dude that actually what happens I try
to put two dollars and fifty cents on
the site and I'll have April all right
now I'm gonna put the tape up on green
mmm no way what what I just need two
dollars and fifty cents into $24 good
job well or should I cash out like sighs
cash out like a $20 skin all right
whatever I'm withdrawal twenty bucks
Oh stack that's actually delirious this
arcade you that's so stupid problem with
memory baby
okay guys what's going on this is that
weird going we took back 23 bucks we're
going all skin flap dude pull leaves for
the love of God make this a video I will
remember oh my god please please please
please thank the fucking Lord holy shit
you know how many colors oh my fucking
god
we got 46 not even enough or why dude
dude I'm going to wait for it to hit a
color then I'm going to wait for it to
hit a lot okay just hit a color if this
hits black now then I'm a goal dude I
don't know Bravo this is the thing this
is the thing that's so scary because if
I go like this is my plan I put 10 bucks
on block right and then if I leave I put
20 blocks 20 blocks pretty much more in
Geylang that I can get clean toilet easy
if I do this and it's scary because
there's so many colors now like I don't
know bro I don't forget no dude I'm
sweating actually is not dude all right
it just hit block I'm going to do I put
some blocks or do I put some books I
guess we put a nine right because
technically none so we need
now let's kind of found just what a
great work we've just gone and did yours
no fucking way no fucking way did we
actually do it
we got three little 56 he's back in my
horrible eye mask we were weak okay
we were just we're Martin yelling two
dollars I swear to god dude I swear to
God if I get clean because I'm earning a
boom box yes bro dude do I keep going
no fuck it we got it we got the fucking
dream I do I do need to anticipate this
at the beginning I gambled from the 250
to the $23 right that was like a while
ago Brian I would see little skin and
just now I started editing and I
realized fuck dude this video is only a
minute long so I decided to withdraw
like the same amount well I pretty much
go through around 23 dollars worth of
skin so they didn't I don't have the
same skins anymore
and I decided fucking go I have not lost
one fucking thing yet but I'm so scared
to keep going I'm gonna get this thing
dude but what's with draaga holy shit we
got it here to dig into a fucking knife
technically it wasn't in like it wasn't
all in one sitting but I mean like he
just pulled that money out of our ass we
pull the fucking shit that scared the
fuck out of me also and you anyways we
just put ten bucks and I was going to
martingale if I lost so imagine if I'd
put a net to knowledge I lost through 20
loss again and then like you all in and
then fucking lose three times in a row
because this was so many clothes I was
freaking out like I swear to God I
thought I swear
happen there's a pretty good damn
Chantay you know back to the happens but
it's the whole thing
cool holy fucking shit anyways if you
guys enjoy this video hold on let me see
except this trip alright guys here's the
trade let's confirm this trade holy fuck
if you guys enjoyed this TT dollars and
fifty cents into the fucking night bro
let's go shit Heights burgers I can't
even believe out of all it's all the
odds will be pulled through a shocking
time again
my heart's fuckin pounding right now so
holy fucking shit food I just realized
my FaceCam is going on that's a little
awkward because I constantly was looking
at it and then I realized how shit I
have this kind of disabled when I I just
realizes now oops my bad but whatever
anyways hope you guys enjoyed leave a
like if you guys did and subscribe if
you're new yo I am going to be uploading
sponges used to be only video so well
like do too much I'm not freaking like
rich outta my goddamn mind
shits on recently but you're going to be
saying soon um yeah overall it's been
like a roller coaster but um skin wanna
know man like if you enjoy the stuff
before me bro leave a like so a home a
skin and maybe share with a few friends
or something me like yo do this guy dead
eyes talking like two walls of to be
sent into a night
how the fuck yeah I'm fuckin that
anyways okay
I'm rambling on thank you guys for
watching the video leave a like if you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys later
yo got I also just recently changed my
referral code to zetian so use my damn
code that this is a URL I'll put the URL
in the description of the video but yeah
my code is anything if you use my code I
make money and you make money you get
like 50 cents or something like that and
then I I don't know like I get
commissioned based on I guess how much
you bet or how much you deposit I'm not
really too sure yeah I bet that it's
made I got currently for referrals let's
keep it going bro I want to see like a
hundred ok I'm just
in books anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the video regardless we want fucking 250
dollars to a knife I am so hyped out of
my mind it's just amazing I love it
thank you guys all for the support
I will see you guys all later
[Music]